hey everybody this is randy santel
atlas' with atlas & zeus promotions
had a had a bad loss last night in st.
andrews after Rascals pub 71 now it's
day number 9 of my European Tour 2013 I
am at Foxtons
in Glen raava's Scotland I'm taking on
their meat feast challenge they also
have a burger challenge but I'm doing
quite a few burgers someone to do this
one because it's unique a lot of meat
obviously called the meat feast we've
got these three pieces of meat here
we've got also the sides which are onion
rings chips mushrooms eggs black pudding
and this'll be my first time ever having
haggis so I've got 90 minutes to do it
I'm also doing it with my friend who won
a Facebook competition named Tony so
this will be his first challenge so
we're both hoping to get the win I think
two people have already won if we win
we'll get the meal free I think we get a
t-shirt so let's get it started
all right let's get back to the victory
one two three
all right last night I started with the
with the chips first so we're doing meat
today oh yeah
haven't even been into it yet and I can
already tell this is cooked very perfect
very very glad I went with the need face
just this meat has been very very tasty
10 minutes 15 seconds in the 40 ounces
of meats gone now I've got my rings
chips good-looking mushrooms eggs black
pudding and applaud you haggis less I
know everybody's been wanting to watch
me or have me haggis and this will be
the first
you
mushrooms are down 20 minutes 35 seconds
in let's do these eggs first then we'll
do the black pudding and then the haggis
why use a fork when you got your hands
all right 26 and a half minutes in we're
down to our four slices of haggis so my
first time having it hopefully it's good
if not I got my cook to wash it down
it's not bad it's nothing different
ah twenty nine and a half minutes in
haggis is actually really it's good
so ossicones Randy alright final time
twenty-nine minutes and forty seconds
back on getting the win streak going
eight and one that was a freaking
delicious challenge thank you to Fox
tens they've got a burger challenge and
they've got this neat piece challenge
that I just did onion rings were great
mushrooms were good black pudding haggis
all three meats were awesome very very
happy to get win number 149 and first
winning Glen Rob this and there was a
delicious challenge thanks everybody for
watching
hey everybody just want to thank you
guys for watching me beat the meat piece
challenge I'm here with Lee the owner of
foxtons he's presenting me my new shirt
my eighth of the trip so definitely
going to keep this one I also got the
meal free and was that a record yes yes
it was have the racquet curly challenge
thank you to Lee thank you to foxtons
appreciate
you